# Contributing Guidelines

## Good Scout Rule

This project follows the ideology of "The Good Scout Rule". The idea is that you should always leave code in a better state than you found it. If you notice styling problems or bugs as you make changes to a file, you should change it as part of whatever task you are doing. If you notice something is off with a piece of code that you are not working on that you happen to notice as you are working, make a note of it and make a separate PR when you are done. A good scout leaves the codebase better than he/she found it.

## Casing

As a general rule of thumb the following casing rules apply:
- Types: PascalCase
- Macros: PascalCase
- Global Constexprs: PascalCase
- Local Constexprs: camelCase
- Global Variables: camelCase
- Local Variables: camelCase
- Classes/Structs: PascalCase
- Class/Struct fields: camelCase
- Class/Struct Functions: PascalCase
- Global Functions: PascalCase
- Parameters: camelCase
- Plugin Folders: snake_case


## Plugins

A few plugin rules/guidelines:
- Every plugin should have its entrypoint be named after the plugin itself, and should have a single main header for handling data between its many files.
- Plugins should be named in an explicit/non-generic way that explains their meanings (DO: Bountyhunt / DON'T: killplugin)
- Plugins should be mostly self-contained and do a specific task. Plugins should not end up being monolithic / one-size-fits all.
- Plugin entrypoint files should not have a line count exceeding 500. If they go over that, it is worth considering breaking up the hooks, core functions, and declarations into different files.
- Code should be reused where possible and if a plugin defines a piece of functionality that is leveraged by other plugins (that is not specific to that plugin, like text formatting, as an example) that code should be moved into Core as a helper function.
- All plugins should have a 'Doxy' comment header. These headers are metadata for Doxygen and cause the plugins to show up in the documentation plugin list.
- All plugin code should be stored in the `Plugins::PluginName` namespace.
- Plugins should never reference the headers of other plugins other than for IPC purposes

## Sonarlint/Sonarcloud

We use Sonarcloud as a static analysis tool and overall code guideline enforcer with our own custom subset of rules. These are packaged within the FLHook repo. If you use the Sonarlint plugin for Visual Studio, you will be aware of code smells and issues before making a pull request and waiting on the static analysis. If the PR introduces any bugs or code smells according to Sonarcloud, it could be rejected, so it is highly recommended that you have this plugin installed and fix problems as they appear as you write your code.